# PXM
Mission
Understanding the market and the user alike is of the utmost necessity for any business to increase their conversions, decrease their drop-offs, and increase user retention. One of the most prominent ways a business can achieve these OKRs is by providing products and services that the user wants the most that too at the right price, in the right environment and with the desired post-purchase experience.
We at PxM are trying to bridge the gap between the user and the businesses by helping them deliver their products to the right people at the right cost and as fast as they want without having to take on the burden upon themselves of analyzing, interpreting, and strategizing the data. Also, we are creating ways to streamline the post-purchase experience for businesses to save customer support costs and increase the CLTV along with it by helping retain the customers.
Vision
At PxM we try to understand the user and their data. We want to be as ethical as possible while suggesting to each user the most accurate product that they are looking for. We want to enable companies to provide a personalized experience in all arrays of their business, be it the product itself, the product’s pricing, the supply chain, the design, the content, the business finance, and everything under the umbrella.
Our plan is to understand the user psyche first and compare it with the market data. We understand that every user is different and so are their thinking process, buying patterns, support needs, recommendation power, etc. We compare the delta of that user based on the trends that we see online (search-powered), we then try to understand the user’s social patterns from more general trends followed by the user’s acquaintances in the same demographic slab from the data we find from the social media (socially driven) and use our state of the art algorithms to decipher a pattern from the user’s search history and past buying patterns available, FAQs, Customer support history, and different other in-app or offline or online interaction one may have had with the particular business in question, all catered and curated for the business on one single platform (personalized)
